the Jerry is kind of like the s a T for grad school. Um, so it z ah, higher
level of, um questions and and knowledge assumed that compared
to the S A. T, which is the college entrance, Uh, it's the same kind
of stuff they're looking at just kind of your general linguistic abilities.
Both, you know, writing, reading comprehension, all of that
stuff. They're looking at your quantitative abilities eso, mathematics
and science and things like that. Um And then oftentimes, there's
a specialty exam that goes along with whatever domain you are wanting
to study in during graduate school. So there's like a psychology
Jerry test on a biology Jerry test. Eso you would take the one that's
that's relevant. Thio your discipline. Um, and to do well on it,
Honestly, it's one of those tests where you need I think the best thing
you can do is learn how to take the test eso just like the S a
T. There are certain rules with the jerry in terms of like, how much
you're penalized for wrong answers. And so there are certain strategies.
Um, for you know, if you're not sure about the answer to a question.
Do you answer it or not? And it kind of depends on like how Maney
answers you can narrow it down to. There's a lot of different test
taking strategies for the G R E. Fortunately, there's also a lot
of books on the G R E the that air relatively inexpensive or just available
at the library. Um, and you can take a look at them and see
the different test taking strategies. Oftentimes, they often have,
like practice tests, they have practiced exercises that cover, you know,
some of the more common information that regularly appears on the
G R E. Um, they also have special books for, like the various subjects
within the subject tests eso You can do a lot of prep for the
G R E, but I would focus your prep on literally how to take the test
as opposed to the information that's contained on the test